data = [
    {
        "keywords": [
            "How do I set a new password?",
            "Where do I start setting my password?",
            "Please give me instructions to set my first-time password.",
            "I’ve never set a password. Where do I begin?",
            "How does the system allow setting a password?",
            "Please guide me through the password setup steps.",
            "I registered but haven’t set a password yet.",
            "Which link should I use to set my password?",
            "How to set the login password for the first time?",
            "I’ve never set a password. Please show me how.",
            "I want to create a new password. Any advice?",
            "Do I have to set my own password?",
            "What do I need to set a password?",
            "What are the steps to set a password?",
            "Can you show me an example of how to set a password?",
            "Which link is for setting a password?",
            "I don’t have a password yet. What should I do?",
            "Where do I go to set the password the first time?",
            "I registered. What’s next for setting the password?",
            "Please help me set up a password.",
            "I just registered. Do I need to set a password?",
            "How to set a secure password?",
            "Any tips for setting a password?",
            "How to create an initial password?",
            "If I just signed up, how do I set my password?",
            "Which webpage do I go to for setting my password?",
            "I don’t have a password yet. Please help me set it.",
            "I’ve registered. How do I create a password?",
            "Which link do I click to set the password?",
            "What are the steps for creating a password?",
            "Tips for creating a secure password?",
            "Just registered. Where do I set my password?",
            "Haven’t set a password yet. What are the steps?",
            "How do I set the login password?",
            "Can you help me set a password?",
            "Which menu do I go to for setting a password?",
            "How to set a new password for the first time?",
            "To start using the system, what do I do about the password?",
            "How long should my password be?",
            "Are there any requirements for setting a password?",
            "When will the system ask to set a password after signing up?",
            "Is there a form for setting a password?",
            "Do I need to create my own password?",
            "What password should I use at first?",
            "Has the password setup email been sent yet?",
            "To start using the system, do I need a password first?",
            "Do I have to confirm when setting a password?",
            "What password should I enter first?",
            "Which link in the email do I click?",
            "Can you give an example of a secure password?",
            "I’ve never logged in. What do I need to do?",
            "Do I set the password via app or web?",
            "Will the system send a password setup link?",
            "Please send the link to set a new password.",
            "I want to set a login password.",
            "Can I set a new password when I start?",
            "How to create a new password in the system?",
            "How to set a secure password?",
            "Any suggestions for creating a secure password?",
            "Does the password need special characters?",
            "Do I need to use English letters in the password?",
            "Are there any conditions for setting a password?",
            "What do I need to start setting a password?",
            "After setting the password, can I log in immediately?",
            "Does the system send a link to set the password?",
            "Can I set the password from my phone?",
            "How do I go from not having a password to having one?",
            "To activate my account, what do I do about the password?",
            "Do I need to confirm the password setup the first time?",
            "Will the system ask to set a password on first login?",
            "Does setting a password take long?",
            "I signed up but can’t log in yet. Do I need to set a password first?",
            "Are there any requirements for password setup?",
            "How do I set a password for students?",
            "Do I need to set the initial password myself?",
            "Do I use a system-provided password or set my own?",
            "I can’t access the system because I haven’t set a password.",
            "System asks to set a password on first login.",
            "Where do I set my first password?",
            "Do I need to use the email-provided password before setting a new one?",
            "How to set a password for a teacher account?",
            "Is there a manual for setting a password?",
            "Can you show an example of a good password?",
            "When starting to use the system, do I need to set a password first?",
            "After registering, where do I go to set a password?",
            "Do I have to wait for approval before setting a password?",
            "Do I need to set the password immediately after registering?",
            "Can I set a new password via email?",
            "After signing up, what’s the next step for the password?",
            "Is the initial password system-generated or user-defined?",
            "I haven’t set a password yet. Please help.",
            "To use the system, do I start with setting a password?",
            "Do I click the email link to set the password?",
            "I got a message to set a new password. What should I do?",
            "Where do I start to set a new password?",
            "Can’t log in yet because I haven’t set a password.",
            "Do I need to verify anything when setting the first password?",
            "Please provide password setting details.",
            "I can’t access the system because I don’t have a password yet.",
            "Do I need to click 'Forgot Password' to begin setting a new one?"
        ],
        "response": "Teachers can set their password for the first time by following these steps:\n1. Go to the login page of the teacher system.\n2. Click the 'First-time password setup' or 'Forgot password' button.\n3. Enter the email used during registration.\n4. The system will send a password setup link to your email.\n5. Open your email and click on the link.\n6. Set your new password and confirm it.\n7. Click 'Save' to use the new password for logging into the system."
    }
]
